Christoph, Mingwei, Matthias, 12 Dec 2019  
Mingwei summarized task that Jakob highlighted:
1. Discretise actions
2. Implement memory with recurrent neural network

We already have an implementation of the liquidation game with recurrent DQN’s. We have 2 to 40 banks and 2 assets with a different liquidity function. More liquid assets will have a lower market impact than less liquid assets. 
We also have balance sheet considerations, which is how much banks have of the assets on their balance sheets. We can vary starting position of risky assets on bank’s balance sheets.
Battle of the sexes is a related game for which there exists a game theoretic nash equilibrium. Try to find nash equilibrium in liquidation game. When does this become analytically intractable? How does our liquidation game relate to the battle of the sexes game?

Roadmap:
# Q1)
simplify problem to 2x2 matrix game. Figure out nash equilibrium in simple case. Can we learn nash equilibrium with ML? We may need a different learning algorithm: policy gradient vs. Q-Learning) since we suspect that Nash equilibrium will be in mixed strategies.

# Q2)
What are the interesting insights? Compare the dynamics and outcomes of ML model to benchmarks. We have four benchmarks:
* Myopic choice - always liquidate most liquid asset
* Random asset to liquidate
* Social planner solution
* Proportional liquidation (deterministic vs. stochastic)

# Q3)
How do agents learn if they have more ways of communicating? Which communication devices yield better outcomes? (Chris also said that it’s interesting to study under which conditions agents fail) How does agent information affect strategies? How about coordinating signals from a central planner?
The paper is interesting, when we think about the strategic interaction. If everyone piles into selling the same asset, this price will fall the most. So agents need to coordinate. The optimal solution requires mixing, where banks sell each asset with a given probability. 
Mingwei mentioned the possibility of non-linear impact functions, which will complicate the equilibrium. 
Toward the end of the call we were not sure if banks should sell most liquid or least liquid asset. If they want to minimise market impact, then they should sell the most liquid asset. But if they know that the prices will fall, then it’s a game where banks want to sell assets while the assets are still expensive. In this case, they would start selling the least liquid assets. 
Mingwei has put this trade-off in terms of maximising equity vs. maximising cash (gained from the selling). If banks want to maximise equity they sell of the most liquid assets, trying not to harm their equity. If banks want to maximise the cash they generate, they sell the least liquid asset.

# Literature
https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0378426614001885
